Transfer news LIVE updates: All the breaking news and latest gossip

2.50pm: Middlesbrough have terminated Victor Valdes' contract.

The former Barcelona and Manchester United goalkeeper is now free to join other clubs.

Valdes, 35, played 28 games for Boro but was unable to help keep them up.

2.45pm: Arsenal and Everton are battling it out for the summer signing of Thorgan Hazard.

The former Chelsea ace, and brother of Eden Hazard, has impressed at Borussia Monchengladbach this season.

But he is a wanted man in the Premier League and will spark a £15million summer battle according to reports in France.

2.25pm: Barcelona will attempt to sign Hector Bellerin this summer, according to the Independent.

Manchester City have also been linked with a move for the Arsenal ace but they have now turned their attention to Tottenham's Kyle Walker.

And Barcelona now believe that leaves them in pole position to sign him.

Ernesto Valverde, who is set to be appointed as the new Barca boss on Monday, has already given the green light to pursuing Bellerin when the transfer window opens.

How Manchester United could look with Antoine Griezmann
Tue, May 23, 2017
Is this how Manchester United could look with Antoine Griezmann?
	
	
	
	
PLAY SLIDESHOW
Antoine Griezmann Manchester United GETTY IMAGES
1 of 12
Is this how Manchester United could look with Antoine Griezmann?
Antoine Griezmann Manchester United
David De Gea
Antonio Valencia
Eric Bailly
Chris Smalling
Luke Shaw 
Ander Herrera
2pm: Jose Mourinho is set to activate a one-year extension option in Juan Mata’s contract

Mata has played a key role in the Red Devils’ EFL Cup and Community Shield wins as well as their surge to the Europa League final.

And Club Call say Mourinho is now set to trigger an option in Mata’s deal that will see the player remain at Old Trafford.

It is said club chiefs will speak with the 29-year-old before he goes off on holiday and aim to tie up the deal. 

Mata’s current deal expires in 2018 but United want to avoid a prolonged saga by getting his contract done early

1.30pm: Ladbrokes no longer taking bets on Iker Casillas joining Liverpool this summer.

The experienced stopper has reportedly signed a pre-contract agreement with the Reds, and the bookies are treading carefully, believing it’s likely to be a case of when and not if we see the Spaniard unveiled at Anfield.

Ladbrokes spokesman Dave Burin said: “It’s not a done deal just yet, but with the wheels in motion on an Anfield move, we’re not taking any chances on Casillas.”

12.45pm: Hull’s Alex Bruce found out via Twitter that he wasn’t having his contract renewed.

Hull suffered relegation back to the Championship and are expected to lose manager Marco Silva.

Silva is set for talks with Porto over their vacant post while a number of players will also leave.

But Bruce has suggested he wasn’t informed of the club’s decision to release him until a tweet was sent this morning.

Hull tweeted: “Alex Bruce heads a list of players who will leave Hully City once their contracts expire at the end of June.”

And he replied with: “Thanks for letting me know!! All the best” and a thumb up emoji.

12: Shaun Maloney has been offered fresh terms to remain with Hull following their relegation to the Championship.

The Tigers announced their retained list on Wednesday and confirmed that there is an offer on the table for Scottish winger Maloney, 34, to stay on next season.

A club statement read: "Shaun Maloney, who is set to see his current contract expire at the end of next month, has been offered a new deal for next season, as have youngsters Jonathan Edwards and Harvey Rodgers who both spent the second half of the 2016/17 campaign on loan at Accrington Stanley."

11.20: Ronald Koeman wants to add creative sparks to his Everton side this summer as the Ross Barkley situation rumbles on.

Barkley’s future was supposed to be made clearer on Monday following their final game of the season but a statement is yet to be made.

But Koeman admits he is already in the market.

"A clear objective will be to bring in players who will have more productivity," he told evertontv.

"I expect that we can change that for next season.

"If we can do the business we want to do this summer, the team for next season will be really strong, I believe."

11.05am: Antoine Griezmann has hinted a move to Manchester United is a possibility - in another interview this week.

Earlier this week Griezmann said the chances of him joining United were 6/10.

But now he’s gone further saying he’s ready to move on to win titles.

Speaking on Tuesday at a book launch for his autobiography, Derrière le sourire (Behind the Smile), Griezmann said: “If I have to move, it’s not a problem. It can be England, because it’s the trend, Germany, China or USA. I’m ready to go.

“I want to win titles. I’ve reached a point where playing nice football and scoring goals isn’t enough anymore. That’s it. Winning titles is what I’m looking for this summer, when deciding my future.”

Iker CasillasGETTY
Arsenal and West Ham passed up on the opportunity to sign Iker Casillas
11am: Paulo Dybala has told Lionel Messi he wants to stay at Juventus this summer.

The Argentina star has been linked with both La Liga giants despite signing a new deal at Juve last month.

But Dybala has now reportedly told Messi he will be staying in a phonec call the Barcelona ace made to him.

10.20am: Sky Sports claim Arsenal's talks with Henry Onyekuru's representatives are progressing well about a £6.8m transfer.

The Nigerian striker is hopeful that a deal can be done soon. He is currently in Corsica at Nigeria's training camp after receiving his first international call-up.

The Kas Eupen striker topped the Belgium scoring charts with 24 goals this season.

9.35am: Arsenal have reportedly rejected the chance to sign Iker Casillas.

The Porto goalkeeper has been linked with a move to Liverpool in the last few days after failing to commit his future to the Portuguese club.

Real Madrid icon Casillas has proposals from teams in China, Turkey and Qatar.

But website TransferMarketWeb claim Arsenal, along with West Ham, have turned down the chance to sign the three-times Champions League winner because neither side were willing to match his salary demands. 

8.50am: Jurgen Klopp will be handed a £100million transfer kitty this summer after leading Liverpool back into the Champions League.

Klopp is getting ready to spend big and according to the Telegraph is keen on Virgil van Dijk, Mohamed Salah, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and RB Leipzig’s Naby Keita.

Liverpool are also eyeing a new striker and are keen on Kylian Mbappe - but are unlikely to beat Real Madrid or Manchester United to his signature.

8.25am: Luke Shaw could be sold this summer if Manchester United win the Europa League.

Shaw, 21, will find out if Jose Mourinho plans to keep him following tonight’s match.

Shaw is out injured until August and is on crutches.

And the Mirror says he fears for his future and believes United will sign an experienced left back if they qualify for the Champions League.

United are 90 minutes away from being back in Europe’s elite competition and take on Ajax in Stockholm tonight.

RELATED ARTICLES
Man Utd transfer news LIVE updates: James Rodriguez to Chelsea
Arsenal transfer news LIVE updates: £50m Alexis Sanchez deal
Alexis SanchezGETTY
Transfer news: Alexis Sanchez is reportedly in talks with Bayern Munich
8.15am: Joey Barton has been released by Burnley having been suspended for 18 months on a betting charge.

Barton’s football career looks over after he was handed the year-and-a-half ban last month.

Barton joined Burnley in January after a short-live spell in Scotland with Rangers.

Barton received a £30,000 fine after admitting breaking FA rules by placing bets on 1,260 football matches.

And he finds himself released along with Michael Kightly, Paul Robinson and George Boyd.

7.45am: Jermain Defoe is closing in on a switch to south coast club Bournemouth.

The England striker has a clause in his Sunderland contract to allow him to walk away for free following relegation to the Championship.

And Defoe has sealed a deal to remain in the top flight.

The 34-year-old is said to have agreed a three-year deal worth £80,000 a week and will pocket a £6million signing-on fee.

7.30: West Ham are considering an approach for Manchester United outcast Anthony Martial.

Martial has struggled this season under Jose Mourinho and could be surplus to requirements if United spend big again this summer.

Mourinho has set his sights on Antoine Griezmann and has also been linked with Romelu Lukaku and Gareth Bale.

The Manchester United boss has been at loggerheads with the young France ace and has been publicly critical of his performances.

And, according to Goal.com, West Ham could make an approach this summer.

Stars who could leave the Premier League this summer
Tue, May 23, 2017
Click to reveal where some of the biggest Premier League stars could be heading this summer
	
	
	
	
PLAY SLIDESHOW
Wayne Rooney AFP/GETTY IMAGES
1 of 11
Wayne Rooney (Linked with: Everton, Chinese Super League, MLS)
Wayne Rooney
Sergio Aguero
Kyle Walker
David De Gea
Eden Hazard
Romelu Lukaku
Diego Costa
7.15am: Alexis Sanchez’s agent has reportedly travelled to Germany to enter talks with Bayern Munich.

Sanchez has been heavily linked with a move away from Arsenal this summer as he approaches the final 12 months of his Emirates contract.

And according to South American newspaper El Mercurio, the Chile international looks set to leave the Gunners.

Arsenal's FA Cup final against Chelsea on Saturday could be Sanchez's last game for the club after they failed to qualify for the Champions League.

7.am: Ipswich Town are set to make a £500,000 bid for Rangers striker Joe Garner.

Express Sport understands Pedro Caixinha wants Garner to stay but Ipswich are looking to test their resolve.

Caixinha is looking to strengthen on limited funds, and is keen on Aberdeen’s Ryan Jack, Motherwell pair Louis Moult and Ben Heneghan and Portuguese veteran Bruno Alves.

Philippe Senderos and Clint Hill have already been released by Rangers while more of the fringe players at the club, including Harry Forrester and Rob Kiernan, could also depart in the summer.

Joe GarnerGETTY
Rangers Transfer News: Joe Garner could be heading back down south
Manchester United are reportedly willing to offer Antoine Griezmann huge wages
6.45am: Manchester United are reportedly willing to offer Antoine Griezmann huge wages if he leaves Atletico Madrid.

United are willing to pay £86million to activate the France international’s release clause. 

And Spanish outlet Marca claim if the 26-year-old opts to join United they will offer him a huge salary of just over £12m-a-season that could earn him in excess of £230,000-a-week. 

6.30am: Loic Remy could be set for a permanent transfer away from Chelsea. 

That is according to Turkish outlet Fotomac, who claim Trabzonspor are interested in securing his signature. 

It is suggested the Turkish club have entered talks with Chelsea over a £6million deal.

Remy made just eight Premier League starts during his injury-hit loan spell at Crystal Palace. 

And it appears as if he will be deemed surplus to requirements again by the newly-crowned champions, but this time he will be off their books completely. 